DOC-2635 feat(globalVariables): add global variables documentation (#11)
tigergraph/insights-docs: modules/widgets/pages/global-variables.adoc

= Global Variables

> The Global variables can be used for data sharing across multiple pages within the same application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global variables can be used for sharing data across multiple pages within the same application.
```

> The `global Variables` tab management window can be found in the general settings of the application to define shared data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Global Variables` tab management window can be found in the general settings of the application to define shared data.
```

image::global-variables-main.png[]

== Upsert Global Variable

=== Configuration

image::global-variables-upsert.png[]

=== Variable Name

The name by which other widgets can refer to this variable. This is analogous to a variable name in a programming language.

=== Data Type

> The global variable can take various type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A global variable has one of the following data types:
```

* *Input*: Choose between various data types:
** Number: any `FLOAT` or `INT` data type
** String: any text string
** Datetime: a string formatted as a date
** Vertex: a vertex type and ID that can be passed into a GSQL query.
** Bool: `True` or `False`

> ** Map: `number/string/datetime/bool` types as keyType and valueType for mapping type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Map: a set of (key, value) pairs where the key type and value type are each one of {number, string, datetime, bool}.
```

> ** List: `number/string/datetime/bool/vertex` types as list types for elementType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** List: an ordered sequence where the element type is one of {number, string, datetime, bool, vertex}.
```

=== Default Value

> The value that the Inputs widget should have without any user input. Without a default value, the variable defined by the input is undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the global variable if not assigned by a user. Without a default value, the variable defined by the input is undefined.
```

== Use in Application

=== Define Setter for Global Variables

The value of the Global Variable can be changed through an input widget. Create a new input and bind it to the corresponding Global Variable.

image::global-variables-input.png[]

=== Binding

> Global Variable can be bound to the corresponding type of query parameter for all kinds widgets that can execute a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Global Variable can be bound to the corresponding type of query parameter for all kinds widgets that can execute a query.
```
